# PC Build Presentation

I feel like for me the best option for my final assignment is to make a presentation on how to build a PC like you had listed in one of your suggestions. I’m not particularly good at using HTML or CSS so I didn’t think a website was the best fit, and I’m not very good with Python either, so anything game related was out of the question as well. That being said, I’ve built a couple different computers before, and as a graphic designer, I’m fairly confident I can make a functional presentation that also appears relatively high-quality.

Objective: The objective of this presentation is to be used as a helpful set of instructions on building a PC. I would like it to be simple enough that someone with no prior experience wouldn’t run into any issues, while also being detailed and specific enough that it covers a wide array of different options for individual parts and configurations. If followed correctly, the guide should be able to efficiently set up most, if not all popular options for differing parts from main brands. My other objective is to have it be visually pleasing and easy to read, as it would be nice to include this in my portfolio of graphic design work if I can. This also will make it feel more professional for the viewer, keeping their engagement and level of trust higher than it would be otherwise.

Deliverables: The guide will be delivered via a PDF, formatted in such a way that it appears similar to a PowerPoint presentation. I can’t perfectly predict how many pages it will have at this stage, but I’m guessing it will be somewhere in the 30 - 45 slide range. There will be pictures and graphs provided to help with part installation, and I may include video segments if needed. It will be created using the full Adobe suite, and will be compatible to view either in any of their programs, or through using a regular PDF.

Resources: There will be a few different sources I need for this project. All product images references will be taken from https://pcpartpicker.com/ and https://www.userbenchmark.com/, as they generally have high quality renders and art of all name-brand products. All actual assets and designs will be mostly made by me, with some assets coming from Adobe Stock’s graphic design library. As for the actual instructions, a lot of the written portions will come from my own memory in accordance with the last time I built a PC, but I also will be including info from trustworthy sources that are much more knowledgeable than me. PCMag (https://www.pcmag.com/how-to/how-to-build-a-pc-the-ultimate-beginners-guide) is one source I will use, as they have detailed instructions for building computers up on their site. I will also use various references from Eurogamer (https://www.eurogamer.net/) as they also have very reliable info in quite a few articles while keeping a friendly and helpful tone. This should be all the info I need, as in general, building a PC is fairly straightforward as long as you follow a well made set of rules/instructions.

Overall, I think this will likely take me around a full month to get done to my personal level of satisfaction, so I believe I should have just enough time to make it as thorough as I want without cutting or skimming down on anything. It’s been around a year since I last built a computer, so it’ll be good to refresh myself while also learning new details I didn’t know before, as I believe being able to put together a PC is a somewhat helpful and convenient skill to have.
